new getting started (#1280)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/customizing_relevancy.md

Suppose you have an e-commerce dataset with an index on jackets. There are several identical items with minor variations in color.

```json
[
  {
    "id": 1,
    "description": "Leather jacket",
    "brand": "Lee jeans",
    "color": "brown",
    "product_id": "123456"
  },
  {
    "id": 2,
    "description": "Leather jacket",
    "brand": "Lee jeans",
    "color": "black",
    "product_id": "123456"
  },
  {
    "id": 3,
    "description": "Leather jacket",
    "brand": "Lee jeans",
    "color": "blue",
    "product_id": "123456"
  }
]
```

If you searched for `lee leather jacket` with the default settings, you would get all three documents. But if you set `product_id` as the `distinctAttribute`, Meilisearch will only return one of those jackets.

You can read more about displayed attributes in our [dedicated guide](/reference/features/distinct.md).

## Searchable attributes

[Documents](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md) in Meilisearch are composed of multiple fields. By default, Meilisearch looks for matches in every field, but the `searchableAttributes` array in the `settings` object allows you to change that.

> For example, if you search the `movies` index for `2012`, Meilisearch searches for `2012` in every field: the `title`, `overview`, `release_year`, etc.. If you just want to search in the `title` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you search the `movies` index for `2012`, Meilisearch searches for `2012` in every field: the `title`, `overview`, `release_year`, and so on. If you just want to search in the `title` field:
```

<CodeSamples id= "getting_started_update_searchableAttributes_md" />

Meilisearch will now only consider `title` during search and you will see fewer results.

::: note

Meilisearch will still highlight matches in other fields, but they won’t be used to compute results.

:::

### The order of `searchableAttributes`

The order of the `searchableAttributes` array corresponds to the order of importance of the attributes.

```json
  [
    "overview",
    "title", 
  ]
```

With the above order, matching words found in the `overview` field will have a higher impact on relevancy than the same words found in `title`. You can read more about this in our [relevancy guide](/learn/core_concepts/relevancy.md#attribute-ranking-order).

> ## Stop words

Reviewer: Did we ever reach an agreement on how to write stop words/stopwords/stop-words?

Author: Nope, that issue is still out there somewhere 🎈

Meilisearch allows you to ignore certain words in your search queries by adding them to the `stopWords` array. A good example is the word `the` in English.

<CodeSamples id= "getting_started_update_stop_words_md" />

If you search for `the cat` after running the above command, Meilisearch will consider your search query to be `cat`, improving the speed and relevancy of your search.

You can read more about stop words in the [API reference](/reference/features/stop_words.md).

## Synonyms

> The `synonyms` array lets you associate certain words in your dataset, making your search more relevant.

Reviewer: Is |making your search more relevant" a good description of what `synonyms` actually does?

```suggestion
The `synonyms` array lets you associate certain words in your dataset, telling Meilisearch that they are equivalent and interchangeable.
```
